Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: HOLD ON THIS, DON'T SEEM TO BE TALKING everybody outside the lines.
Chill.
Michelle Lucero: Dogs. Can you hear me.
I sure can.
Michelle Lucero: Okay okay we got
Gwenevere Abriel: Good audio. We got good video was so nice. This recording. This is beautiful, that you y'all pink and party.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I mean, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you wearing has
Gwenevere Abriel: Has infected me I it's contagious.
Michelle Lucero: So if you're good, clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Contagious you might end up catching it.
Michelle Lucero: I would wear white more but
Michelle Lucero: It makes my teeth looks super yellow. So I don't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Difference between Wait, I can wear bright white. But if I were off way, it draws all the color out, it makes a difference. Even that little bit
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or like, I love pastels.
Michelle Lucero: But I'm wearing
Gwenevere Abriel: My closet. I can't wear like that to light pale green. I can't work pale yellow. I can't work pale pink. And that's so pretty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't wear pastels at all.
Michelle Lucero: It just, boom.
Gwenevere Abriel: It pulls all the color right out of my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the facts, ma'am. We're just dealing with the facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm dying to know
Gwenevere Abriel: How many cigarettes.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god. So I got, I should have grabbed it, I didn't. I don't have my log on you. What I've had. Okay, so that full night and the next day I hadn't smoked at all, right after the meeting. It just, I couldn't stop thinking about it. So I went and wrote it down. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: When back immediately if all I thought about. So I ended up going and I had to buy some because I didn't have any
Michelle Lucero: Had to go buy some and they still have this thing and I've only. I don't even know I should gather the Packers me how many I have in there, but it's been
Michelle Lucero: Six days now and I think I still have like 13 out of 20. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at this, because I heard some things that worked. And then I heard some other things that didn't. So we did a we did a an experiment. And let's do more of what works and do less of what didn't work.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah yeah
You get into a note here first.
Gwenevere Abriel: First of all, I'd like to start with. Are you safe. Are you feeling okay. How's your mental state HOW WAS HOW WAS MICHELLE doing
Michelle Lucero: I'm safe. I'm not feeling great. Oh, and here's the point that in myself.
Oh,
Michelle Lucero: And other than that I feel good because I finally got my son on all his going links that he needed
Michelle Lucero: So he's been doing that all day and that too. He have he
Michelle Lucero: Has a login to get to what I already showed him how to do it. So he should be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not going to win a lot of it is he and pretend like he did the exercises.
Michelle Lucero: Know, I think this will handle. Tell me because she used to be my PE teacher
Gwenevere Abriel: So weird.
Michelle Lucero: Isn't, let me know. Yeah, I can't believe it. She's so like, great. She's doing like even better than when she was my teacher
Michelle Lucero: So yeah, yesterday was a hard day. It was a great day actually until Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say I'm hard on myself. What does that has to do with what what what what happened. What, why are you disappointed in yourself.
Michelle Lucero: I let myself get super angry and I broke up.
Michelle Lucero: With you, is actually
Gwenevere Abriel: super angry and was it over something really important all this anger.
Michelle Lucero: Um, no. Not now that I think about it in my right mind it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's pretty common, like after we see there's time. It really has nothing to do about the thing they did in the moment is the fact that there's so many
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So many times that you didn't show how angry you were that
Michelle Lucero: Yeah yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're upset with yourself because you got angry.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, because I let him get me angry that I broke the window, and now I'm going to have to replace
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it affect him. Can he drive anywhere, do anything. Does it affect his life at all.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, he can't use this record until it's fixed because it's illegal to drive with her.
Michelle Lucero: For the break to be in your point of view at any point and it right in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on. Is he planning on spending his earned money on repairing it
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, we haven't talked to
Michelle Lucero: He didn't come home last night he got home and probably around
Michelle Lucero: 1130
Michelle Lucero: And he's been in this room, sleeping, ever since. So I didn't talk to him.
Michelle Lucero: And he hasn't talked to me. I think he just bought up to eat something, but
Michelle Lucero: You haven't talked about it. I'm sure he will pay for it, and then we'll
Michelle Lucero: See him back when I get
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it worth talking about the content. Do you want to
Michelle Lucero: If not, well, I mean, I guess it is something to talk about. So it's he was mad because
Michelle Lucero: I knew that step on how to do these meetings today and he needed a haircut and there's no barbers open, but his dad cuts air. So I asked him, Do you think you can come home, in your right mind to cut his hair because he has these meetings tomorrow for school.
Michelle Lucero: And he's like, Yeah, yeah, maybe you can help me because his hair had gotten along we couldn't just buzz it like you need to use scissors to cut his hair.
Michelle Lucero: Right. And I was going to help you. And if anyone needs for his dad to cut his hair because he takes a long and all he does his thing. So I was like, I'll just put your hair before your dad gets home well
Michelle Lucero: Without telling me he went and made us have on an appointment with his friend Ryan at eight last night, but I didn't know that. So I'd already could have stepped on air.
Michelle Lucero: And so when he came home, he was already drinking and
Michelle Lucero: He was like, Oh, you're already cut his hair and it came out nice like
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Not really.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, your dad. I was like, wow.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, but I've been. I've done it before. I just didn't want to cuz he's letting it grow because he wants, long, long
Gwenevere Abriel: Long time
Michelle Lucero: And I don't know how to
Michelle Lucero: Short on the sidebar. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Right. And I didn't know how to blend it. So I had to cut the top down from like his hair was so long and I had to cut it down to like an eight to blend it into the feed. Anyways, um,
Michelle Lucero: So that wasn't even the problem I was more mad that Anthony didn't call me to tell me that before I cut his hair like how did he expect me to just know that he didn't get home, till like almost 730 so then I just let that blow away.
Michelle Lucero: Well, I was still
Michelle Lucero: Upset so every time we would talk to me. I was just being short with him. And it was like all his hair came out nice and I was being. I was like, Yeah, I know.
Michelle Lucero: Like
Michelle Lucero: I left my phone on the charger.
Michelle Lucero: And he was going through my phone and I have nothing to hide. He's saw a message from
Michelle Lucero: my nephew's dad's best friend that I've known since I was three years old. All he asked me is, can you show me or give me a recipe on how to make tortillas.
Michelle Lucero: That was it. And I was like, sure. Here's the recipe I use but Anthony didn't mind to look through the message to see what the context was he was just like, Oh, you're talking to someone out
Michelle Lucero: Which it wasn't which made me even more mad because I was like, can you read the message he wouldn't give me my phone, you have
Michelle Lucero: And he pays for it, it's all under his name. Oh, he was like, I'm not. This is my phone and I'm throwing it away. You want to talk to the other guys. And I was like,
Michelle Lucero: Read the message and we'll see what it says. He asked me for a tortilla recipes like get over yourself. I 10. Plus, I'm not like you, because he's always talking to girls, but I don't feel the need to do that. I don't
Michelle Lucero: So I just got more mad because all the information they needed for us on this or just classes today was on my email and I don't have email anywhere else except for my phone.
Michelle Lucero: Without internet or if I could get on my laptop. No problem. Right. But I don't have internet also without my phone for the hotspot. So then
Michelle Lucero: I was just I gave him a piece of paper and I was like, just give me the link. I don't even care. Keep the phone, I'll buy my own phone when I get paid. I'm not worried about it. Give me the links, I need this one.
Michelle Lucero: Tomorrow, and he wouldn't. And he was like, I'm just gonna leave. And I was like, we have, I don't care.
Michelle Lucero: And I was like, I don't care. It's just give me those links and he wouldn't. And I tell them, okay then just give me my phone and my anger was building and building and
Michelle Lucero: He was driving away and there was a hammer on the porch and I can be myself thoroughly minute him, hit him in the head with it, but I didn't, I just aim for the wind filter.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you surprised at how much anger, you have inside
Michelle Lucero: Now I'm not surprised. I'm surprised that I let it
Michelle Lucero: That I showed it because I can usually in myself down without
Michelle Lucero: Ya know, Michael.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one was about your son's education. There was more at stake than just
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I think that's what because me off more because I was like, I don't care. Take the downfall. I don't care have it.
Michelle Lucero: I can buy another one, not, not a big deal of what pisses me off is that in the moment. I was like,
Michelle Lucero: How am I going to get these leads. He needs to be out school tomorrow like the principal called me yesterday and was like he doesn't have this Chromebook. Will you still need to get online summit.
Michelle Lucero: So I knew it needed to be done, and I think that's why I reacted the big in a wife upset upset and she just what it was. And I don't think it matters that she was drinking or not even over industry wouldn't know.
Michelle Lucero: It was just as mine that I was talking to someone else.
Michelle Lucero: That's all that he heard you don't want to see anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about the level of of of I was aiming towards him like you had the hammer in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear.
Michelle Lucero: I could see. So in my head, I could literally see myself getting them throwing it in hitting them in the head with a hammer and like one coming from his head, and I was like yeah Yokota job.
Michelle Lucero: Right, and even throwing it at the truck.
Michelle Lucero: I still scared myself after right through it because I was like, Oh my God, if He calls the police, but I was like wait, that's my truck and it's under my name. I could break all the windows that I want.
Michelle Lucero: But
Michelle Lucero: Actually, I can't because it's still put his life in danger bites are leaning towards in the truck. So even though in my head. I like quickly came up with a solution. Oh wait, it's my truck. I could break all the windows that are born, I can't because it's still
Michelle Lucero: Open ignoring him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He got you through the moment, though it wouldn't you were still in charge you were able to discharge some of this years and years and years of pent up resentment and anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the reason why I'm focusing on this. And it's interesting because you're going to take it or leave it. We don't need to talk about almost killed a man, but now I'm going to really have to talk about in therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what
Michelle Lucero: It does scare me because I do think of that more than ever in 13
Michelle Lucero: Right.
Michelle Lucero: And I've never acted on it, but I don't want to. Most of the time I can walk away and I can just ignore him all come to my room and I'm really good about that for everyone, not just him if anyone's upsetting me. I don't like to get upset.
Michelle Lucero: I i usually can but
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, I just really, I just thought, I think it's, it's, like, just so much has built up. That's right. And so many times I haven't
Michelle Lucero: Said anything and I just walk away and I just wanted him to know I was right and it's not because I was like just read the damn message and you'll see there's nothing to it.
Michelle Lucero: But he wouldn't. He just wanted. I think literally like always, who just wanted a reasonable
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, because he didn't come home late so he obviously had a plan, you know,
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: From the outside
Gwenevere Abriel: In we just take it from the outside in. And we say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not going to have any links you will be able to problem solve and help your son. If you're in jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just one day of things that you won't be able to help with. You might have years of having to defend yourself for a domestic violence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Murder. Right. I mean, just think about it for a second. It's like this is how it happens. This is what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Victims get sick and tired. So my concern. Remember, it's like, I gotta really kind of talk about it because it's like, well, how much can Michelle take yes you're good at keeping it down, but you don't discharge.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't let it go, it, it's still sits there more after more after more after more. That's the concern. Not that you have an ability to compartmentalize it or to discharge it through some other means. But it sits there that resentment and anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what if you get to the point that you can't take it anymore.
Michelle Lucero: What are you using that terrifies us right out of me because I watch it all the time on TV.
Michelle Lucero: I know like
Gwenevere Abriel: And their people just like you and me their regular people. It's just there's only so much we can take
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's put a pin in that was step away from that for a minute and just let that one settle down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had enough consciousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: To think through all just beat up the car, you were conscious. You weren't completely disassociated with rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it can happen that people only feel rage. They can't use the frontal part of their brain. And they're all just completely hijacked by anger and rage and. That's my concern, you have an I know you have a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: That it could maybe build to that. And then you'd be like, holy crap. What am I done
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got to find a way to discharge to set life up for success. All those things we've put in motion in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: But right now, it sounds like what you might need in a more urgent way as a place to discharge. Some of these feelings you have
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't hear you go in for a run. I don't hear you. Can you know doing, you know, hitting a punching bag. I don't hear you writing him letters and and coming into group and talking about what a turkey is
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't, I don't know if you are. I don't know if you're letting it all now it's you're hearing people validate you
Michelle Lucero: And me when I talk about it. I feel better about it. Like I'm I didn't have my phone until like
Michelle Lucero: I don't even know what time it was last night he finally called my son's phone and told him, have your mom couldn't get her phone. It'll be outside in my truck. So I finally went and got my phone.
Michelle Lucero: But I had already figured it out. Honestly, I ready when we need it, but I thought about our group and I didn't remember my zoom login
Michelle Lucero: So I was like, yeah, I mean my phone so
Michelle Lucero: Was my point.
Michelle Lucero: I remember
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So it feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels good to you to talk about
Michelle Lucero: Oh, yeah.
Michelle Lucero: To talk. Oh, I hadn't told anybody is Devon was the only one that knew about it all all night and day. And then when he got into his first class.
Michelle Lucero: His first class today. I just got on the phone and called My sister and I told her everything. And she was like, oh my god, I think you need to come ski over here. I'm afraid for you to be there. And I was like, I'm not afraid because
Michelle Lucero: In the moment I'm not afraid, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know.
Michelle Lucero: When he first took the phone.
Michelle Lucero: And I used to see my mom do this shit all the time which blows my mind.
Michelle Lucero: And my mom was tiny compared to my dad and she's waiting on him. She didn't care. She knew he'd knock her out and he would, but she didn't care.
Michelle Lucero: And it scares me because I don't want to be like that. But I can see me hitting him like in his face, and I know he's gonna hit me back, but in the moment. I'm not afraid.
Michelle Lucero: At that time, but thinking about it now. I'm like, yeah, you're lucky even get it because we probably wouldn't
Michelle Lucero: But it scares me because I don't want someone wasn't in the room and he didn't see anything.
Michelle Lucero: In here is fighting or he wasn't outside when nice through it. I told him that I broke the wind chill, though.
Michelle Lucero: But it just bothers me because I don't want him.
Michelle Lucero: To not feel safe way I get into the home.
Michelle Lucero: And Mike
Michelle Lucero: I don't know if I told you, but like he collects BB guns and knives and he has since he was young.
Michelle Lucero: And last night when we went to go get my phone. He brought up going with him.
Michelle Lucero: He has to protect me. I don't want him to feel that we either like I don't want him to feel that I'm going to put myself in the situation that he's going to have to protect me because that's the way I felt for my mom.
Michelle Lucero: Like I always had to protect her. I needed to be there in case something happens.
Michelle Lucero: And it's not because I'm still here.
Michelle Lucero: And I haven't shown him that
Michelle Lucero: We don't have enough with this.
Michelle Lucero: So I already you know I have money sleep and then he doesn't know that I'm thinking anybody knows that except you and me.
Michelle Lucero: And I'm going to start. I don't know. I don't think anything's hope and but I remember my news telling me that she didn't have to go through like the state to get on
Michelle Lucero: low income housing.
Michelle Lucero: So I actually went in online this morning. And when they choose the apartment she lives that and they put in an application, and then I'll submit it.
Michelle Lucero: Like tomorrow. I think I'm going to have to pull out the money and go take it to them for the application fee because they don't take like credit card or anything. They only to pass.
Michelle Lucero: So I'm going to go do that and like an
Michelle Lucero: Ice really scared the shit out of myself and I was really hard on myself this morning and I was like, damn, you could be in jail right now and it scares me because I don't want to be in jail.
Michelle Lucero: But even more.
Michelle Lucero: I'm scared of what I could do, because if I could break a window. I could you know if I can get that Matt.
Michelle Lucero: I don't want to. I'm going to try to just
Michelle Lucero: Go and put in a nap and try to do that because I mean
Michelle Lucero: I don't want to stay here anymore.
I'm really impressed.
That's all it takes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is one application then you drive here you get money out there. Then you go to the next place you drop the money off there. You pick up another piece of paper you pick up a pen, you go online, you fill this out, you find a link to this final link to that don't get ahead of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you have to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you come in and you talk to the tami's into the knees and your sister, whoever you need to vent to us. You can tell us how scared you. Are you do the same anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway,
Gwenevere Abriel: One delayed impulse control your whole life. Your son's life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Powder Keg the home here in
Gwenevere Abriel: You have images of what that looks like deep in your brain from watching your mom goes through that that is familiar and I'm afraid you're going to reenact it you got really close.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that you filled out that application. I love this, you held on to this recovery process long enough to tolerate the people at work at gossiped with you because you tolerate it. Those moments because you showed up anyway when you were tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you didn't want to go, you have money.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, just like that. It's we all think it's this big. I won the lottery. Now I can move out. So it's one little thing at a time. You're doing it, you're in your solution right now and you scared yourself into it. If that's how it is. Okay, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: keep the momentum going.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I encourage you, how can Braveheart health help. I want to, I want to support you. I do you want to have shelter numbers just in case. I mean, I don't know. You tell me.
Michelle Lucero: All my moment.
Michelle Lucero: Was like, I'll have them on.
Michelle Lucero: Of looking for my teachers number and I went through. I still have it number I have the
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe House I spoke with safe house and I spoke with
Gwenevere Abriel: On the Barrett house the other day just to kind of get to know what's around
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sorry. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, are you familiar with the safe house and Barrett house.
Michelle Lucero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I give you some more numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, I've been sharing them with all the whole group. Yeah, you missed it. So,
We could
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably take a screenshot. If you wanted to see that's up to you if you don't want that on your phone.
Michelle Lucero: For some people they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want it because they don't want anyone to know and they want to keep it a
Michelle Lucero: Secret, you know, write it down and screenshot it because in case you take my phone again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also on your book, um, let me. Let's write down the bright heart health numbers, okay right at the top of your journal. You ready
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All to call bright heart health is some put be a chaste telephone number 844-884-4474 you can put my my number 954-240-0884 then you can put virtual clinic VC for the number 408-486-4762
Gwenevere Abriel: My zoom room number which course I would give you in virtual clinic, but you're welcome to it is 765-830-6132
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to share the screen with you.
Michelle Lucero: This has
Gwenevere Abriel: Been sharing with the group we focused on a na online connecting with people online. And then I also shared this just so we have it is these two story house and Road Runner food bank or places where you know people that are in need of food.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got to look up the right way to stay there. I don't think Barrett house that that spelled right, I got to look that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changes. Okay. I never did it. He
Gwenevere Abriel: To ours. You know, he just do this here, check it again with spelled there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this place right here I call the safe house they have about a 20 minute interview they want to hear you know your story. They accept people who are under a domestic violence situation. The barrack House takes mothers and children.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a women's shelter.
Michelle Lucero: The Valencia shelter is that in Berlin.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Michelle Lucero: You know it's v out em.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll change it right now i don't i just i just start typing. I have no idea how to spell these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was
Michelle Lucero: Born does that
Michelle Lucero: I'm wondering, it looks like as
Michelle Lucero: I have that one that
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a little smiley face. Next to down because someone told me they were really they were super cool.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, they are. They're really good. Do you remember I had called them one. And she was like, I'm going to send you all this information, but it'll only be on your email for like
Michelle Lucero: A day it'll go away after that because they're totally like they hide everything just in case you are trying to get away, so no one like where you are. That's right. There's still good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you scared yourself. You got face to face with how much rage, you have
Gwenevere Abriel: And right. I think you scared yourself because you like I could kill this guy.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I totally Yeah, when I woke up this morning, I was like, you're lucky, you're not in jail.
Michelle Lucero: Nevermind see myself.
Michelle Lucero: Playing it over. But then in the back of my mind. I could see me hitting him and him hitting me back, but then right after that I saw my mom doing it to my dad and
Michelle Lucero: In the minute I was like, Mom, why would you do that, but I know how upset because her that she felt
Michelle Lucero: She didn't care what he did to her, she was going to get in, you know,
Michelle Lucero: It's scary to think. But yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's time to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And that was the conclusion you came to, I'm assuming, when you started filling out that application.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I just don't wanna
Michelle Lucero: Make myself do that again or
Michelle Lucero: How do I know I hit him and he doesn't kill me. And that's the end of it for me not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right
Michelle Lucero: Like
Michelle Lucero: Very easily he could do that.
Michelle Lucero: Not mean to just like me that only now I'm writing my senior like hitting and then the temple in him like dying.
Michelle Lucero: It wasn't worth it at all. He was already trying to leave. I should have just like to meet
Michelle Lucero: With the phone. I could have like in the moment. I didn't think of all this, but I had already gotten older, like an hour after that, like, I'll be damned if my be at school tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're resourceful one you've just been you've been kind of locked up in this in this fear that you aren't strong enough. You're not capable and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've got a little bit, a little something in there a little motivation and so you'll recall, with it. Is there anything else I can do to support you through this process.
Michelle Lucero: No. Um, I think what also pissed me off is because he knew I didn't have my meds yesterday or today.
Michelle Lucero: I was in a bad mood, but it wasn't even because of that I didn't. I still don't feel like I mean I'm tired, but I'm not like
Michelle Lucero: Withdrawing
Wow.
Michelle Lucero: But what is me, I'll be the Mars because he thought it's because you don't have your drugs. And I was like, Oh my God, I hate to hear anyone say that I'm like, don't call them because they're not good.
Michelle Lucero: It's my medication and I could we are drug, but I'm not like me off. I think it was a not as what the cherry on the cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean to you when he says, You just can't get to your drugs. What does that mean to you.
Michelle Lucero: If
Michelle Lucero: Him just saying that I'm on drugs like some optimism drug. It's my medication and
Michelle Lucero: He goes upsets me that that's what any knows that bugs me. I've already asked him, don't call it that, like, can you not see drugs can you
Michelle Lucero: Be
Gwenevere Abriel: Your meditation. Michelle, you just restated it
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean to you when he says, You just, you just need your drugs right now. That's why you're acting like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means something to you. So sit with it a little longer because you just repeated what we already heard in here, see if you can figure out what it means to you he words it in that particular way.
Michelle Lucero: Because it sounds like he failed on the scale on drugs and I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you believe about yourself when he says that
Michelle Lucero: That I'm not on drugs that I'm clean I'm
Michelle Lucero: In a program taking my medication. The way I'm supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the difference between a drug and a medication.
Michelle Lucero: The way he makes it sound as like
Michelle Lucero: I'm still a drug addict is the way it makes me feel and not because there's me on
Gwenevere Abriel: Describing a drug.
Michelle Lucero: Like doing anything for drugs and
Michelle Lucero: feeling horrible when you don't have
Michelle Lucero: And I don't even know honestly how he knew i i don't know i think he overheard me screaming and I didn't have any
Michelle Lucero: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it turns out you were a drug addict. What would that mean to you if you poor
Michelle Lucero: I probably be in jail if I was
Michelle Lucero: Not probably I would be in jail.
Michelle Lucero: Like my probation officer would throw me in jail, no doubt.
Michelle Lucero: I mean, that's not saying that. I don't know that I have a problem with drugs. It's just I wish you wouldn't say
Michelle Lucero: Oh, it's because you don't have your drugs like if you would say, oh, it's because you don't have your medication. I probably be like it. You're probably right now probably is why I'm letting you get me upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's about
Michelle Lucero: Three.
Michelle Lucero: Is what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that that's the same for everyone, but those two words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should have a different impact they do for you and everyone should it should have the same reaction.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. I mean, I know a lot of people feel that way.
Michelle Lucero: Like you blocked my cousin on Facebook because she had put like if you're on these. This doesn't mean you're clean or something and it was like a picture of Foxman like as you I am clean and I am on that. Like I know people don't know that I don't plan on changing everyone's mind but
Michelle Lucero: It just bothers me. I mean, I know I'm not a drug addict anymore. I know that my medication.
Michelle Lucero: It just bugs me to hear people saying that any he does it just, that's what bothers me about it even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: A physician, call it a drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen
Michelle Lucero: Probably nothing because in a way, I guess it is the drug.
Michelle Lucero: Like a medication. Sometimes our drugs, but
Michelle Lucero: It's like in the con texts, I guess.
Michelle Lucero: I've seen it like I know Anthony means like drugs they're your drugs like you can't live without it. And I mean, I know I can. I plan on tapering all the way off. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, right there right now, can you live without buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it's okay it's real. It's real questions just trying to find your truth to it live live just
Michelle Lucero: Yet, okay. I could live
Gwenevere Abriel: live comfortably.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, notice something. Notice I said the last two days haven't had it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you have gone two days without it, and
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, probably last week, the week before a very recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticed after he said you're an addict. Basically you. Isn't that amazing how your body responds differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how powerful the mind is
Michelle Lucero: Yeah I don't if I don't think about it doesn't bother me at all. But the minute I remember I haven't taken it or if I don't have any when all starts filling that
Michelle Lucero: And just like just with Dr. Don telling me, Oh, you shouldn't even feel it until the third day
Michelle Lucero: Is that changed my life just in that I know in my head. Okay, you're not feeling good. It's not because of us, not because you don't have the box.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why can't. Why can't Dr. Aubrey I'll say to you, you know what Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are smart industrious woman. Let's save some money and go get an apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want it work like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it work let our faith in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Carry you can remember how strong you are just just, you got this. Okay, you got this. So let's look at this a little bit together here because something's kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting about your, your understanding of these terms and it's got a hold on you. It's got power over you and it need not have power.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm suspecting there's something about your own history that you just don't like to look at this. Let's look at the distinction between it. I call it
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that would be the word you just called drug addict. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we also call CVS and Walgreens. What a medication store.
Or a
Michelle Lucero: drugstore.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, yeah, so like I don't know why. Like if a doctor said it wouldn't bother me.
Michelle Lucero: But it's in the context. He's using it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you haven't quite named that you haven't quite said what it means to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it means something he's calling you a name that you're already calling yourself and it hurts you.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at this, just to really fine tune it. So let's let's see which one it is. We've got a B or C. And sometimes it's all three of them chemical dependence. That's this thing that you said
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling horrible without it. That is the best withdrawal.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other thing that chemical dependency is, is it the signs are that you have what's called increased tolerance oftentimes found
Gwenevere Abriel: This particular one does not. This particular substance of your printer thing you don't develop what's called tolerance for it. But let's move through this together and see how you feel at the end of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have a lot a lot of time. Do we will do a few of them. So I told my supervisor that my son was sick when in reality I needed a few hours in the morning to score dope, because I was dope sick. I was dishonest.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to avoid responsibility. What do you think is happening here is that a function of chemical dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction or recovery mindset I told my supervisor that my son was sick when in reality I just needed a few hours to score.
Michelle Lucero: In active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see this word and read. It's the dishonesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Now what about this. What about the fact that you were dope sick.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What, what is this is this recovery mindset active addiction or chemical dependence. If I'm literally sweating leg cramps, nausea, diarrhea, is that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. They can be going on at the same time.
Michelle Lucero: Gets keep going if you have one, are you knocking.
Michelle Lucero: You lost the link
Michelle Lucero: Real quick. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: This one right here.
Michelle Lucero: I'm almost done here.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Okay, so I picked a fight with my husband last night over something lil
Gwenevere Abriel: I made a little misunderstanding into a big argument. So then I had time to be away from him. I was isolating myself because I needed to drive to my dealers apartment to score drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that chemical dependency active Addiction Recovery mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it. See this isolating
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I kept number three I kept having to use more and more pain pills in order to get relief from the pain in my neck. I built up physical tolerance for the chemical
Michelle Lucero: Chemical Dependency got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to DUIs but that was from alcohol and alcohol is not my drug of choice. I'm in denial that a mood altering substance is negatively affecting my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denial
Michelle Lucero: I'm in active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denial isolating dishonesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction. Those are signs when you are lying omitting sneaking around setting your life up for a full blown slip relapse. You're not in recovery mindset. Let's keep going. I just spent a two hour lunch with my granddad
Gwenevere Abriel: And had a heart to heart talk, telling him how I had pretended last year to need money to pay for a down payment on an apartment, when really I spend it on a trip to party and get hi
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sharing how I acted outside of my core values and morals. I'm starting to make amends. I'm starting to repair relationships to those I may have harmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I in
Michelle Lucero: Recovery mindset. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just over eight at the office party in truth. I often oh I eat my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: By eating sugary or salty or fatty foods that
Gwenevere Abriel: After not sharing my opinion with my supervisor about how she could make the project work better for everyone. I repressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I repressed kept secret. My true feelings and was passive rather than assertive in communicating
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I'm repressing and keeping things secret.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on there.
Michelle Lucero: Active addiction.
Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt nauseous. Last night was sweating during dinner realized it's been two days since I last use heroin. I was aware that I am still withdrawing from using heroin daily for the last year, I think to myself, this feeling will pass. I will not die. I can survive through the discomfort.
Michelle Lucero: Recovery mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: That last part is, and that's right so would be to it would be the mindset is recovery mindset. And there's also because of the withdrawing. There's two. There's also a chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, you sound like number seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still have a mindset that's positive that you know that this is a temporary thing is the chemical thing.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be careful about time because I know you need to jump out so I'm not going to continue this worksheet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle, do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is that you are already calling yourself that when your husband calls you that name it enraged you
Michelle Lucero: What am I already calling myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can't find that one. What do you think he was if he could call you a name. What was he calling you with the kind of questions he was asking him.
Michelle Lucero: He was calling me a drug addict.
Michelle Lucero: Know in my head. I already see myself.
As
Gwenevere Abriel: I would argue that you see yourself as one
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. So the difference between you and i is the facts are these
Gwenevere Abriel: Chemically, you are dependent
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you might, although you're saying I do it psychologically on the third day because Dr. Gabriel said so there's chemical dependence, you have at times come in and said, I feel these withdrawal symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's these beliefs. You have about how this like what a loser, a drug addict is that's the problem. You have a picture of these people, all these people on in jail. They're losers. I don't see it the same way you do.
Michelle Lucero: You are because
Michelle Lucero: What I used to do when I was a drug addict is what bothers me. And I'm not doing that now.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's still a part of your history. It doesn't mean it's all of who you are. Those are just actions.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. That's part of the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're also a mother, a friend, a sister right in her recovery work in herself. She's, she's an employee. She's a lot of different things. She's also chemically dependent
Gwenevere Abriel: That sitting with that. I don't think you like that. I think you like the image of yourself is clean and I want to hear anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle, you're, you're getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take the heat away from the word addict and your husband can call you whatever he wants. And it won't phase you at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more we talk about a new here, the more you hear yourself say I'm an addict. I'm an addict. It takes the heat away. I don't ask people to ever say it, but for you it might be useful, because then we can demystify it loses all its own.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, and they won't bother me if I hear someone else.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She were far more than a some of those actions that you did because I'm going to tell you something, when you're in active addiction, you're not thinking about what's the long term effect on the relationship with my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Michelle, you weren't there the addict was making the decisions. So if you're going to hate someone hate the adder, not you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you need to go. Let's schedule another time to meet um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would one o'clock. Whoops. How would. Well, we will want to talk on April 8 work for you well 110
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's next Wednesday.
Michelle Lucero: Wednesday again. Oh, the first or the second
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the first
Michelle Lucero: Okay so Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: The 811 10 110 I gotta grab something to eat. So I end up starting to pass out standing here all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, so you didn't show up to group, despite oh
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Michelle Lucero: Please go to group when I could be
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow at 11 o'clock.
Michelle Lucero: Group 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you'll kick into gear and we'll get you back on track. Tuesday 7am which is April seven, then April 8 at 1:10pm so your next service is tomorrow at 11am I want to see a group. Okay.
Michelle Lucero: Here, just be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And experiment with some risky things like, see if you're willing to say just a bit of something that we talked about in here today just to really pull in some support from people. Okay, see if you're willing to do it. I'm not going to push you. But if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to my
Michelle Lucero: Right.